- [Instructor] Now the next step is to define a class
UserProcessor which will implement the callable or runnable.
So the job of the thread now, right,
that's the big step that we have to do.
We have to create this class UserProcessor,
which will implement either of the interfaces,
callable or runnable, and the job of this task will be
to process every user record, and call the dao
to insert the record in the database.
So, let's go to the IDE, and let's create
a class and the runnables folder.
Let's call it UserProcessor.
Now the naming convention could be of your choice,
you can either call it UserProcessor, or UserTask, or
UserRunnable, any which way, so let's click on Finish,
and let's make this implement the callable interface.
And let's return a value of the integer type.
So in the previous demo, we had returned the number of rows
that got inserted into the database, we'll return
that same integer back from the processor as well, OK?
Now what we need to do in this class,
we actually need a couple of things.
One is to process the record from the file,
and then we have to insert that user record in the database.
So let's go ahead and start doing that.
I'll take two instance variables here,
one is the userRecord, the line that is coming in
from the file, each line,
and we need an instance of the dao,
because we also need to access dao
in order to insert the record.
Let's create a constructor which will instantiate and
provide values to these two instance variables, right?
And the interface is callable, which means we'll have to
implement the call method, so let's quickly double-click
on line 15, and implement all the abstract methods,
so we're going to get rid of the default implementation,
we do not want that.
OK, so two things, one is process the user record.
Now every user record is a line which is going to have
Comma Separated Values, so we're going to use
StringTokenizer to get all those values separated.
So we're instantiate StringTokenizer,
and we're going to use this overloaded version,
which will take the user record, that full line,
and the second will be the delimiter,
which in our case, is the comma sign.
OK, next let's create a reference to the user bean,
because the separated values will have to be filled out
in the user object, so let's create a reference for the
user bean, and set it to null initially.
Once that's done, let's put a while loop on the tokenizer,
say tokenizer dot has more tokens, what are we going to do?
We are going to say user and instantiate it
to a user object, then we are going to say
user dot set email address,
that's the first token coming out of that line,
so I'm going to say tokenizer dot next token.
Similarly, the next token is the name, so I have to set
name to the user bean, going to say
tokenizer dot next token.
And then we have the ID, so set ID.
Now this is an integer field, so we'll have to employ the
interger dot value method,
so that we can convert the string that has come in
into the int value, so let's access that
tokenizer dot next token.
Yeah, there we go.
So you have the user object created,
and we've set all the three fields that we got separated
out from the line that was coming in, right?
And once this is done, we have to take hold of the dao,
and call the save user method, and pass that
user bean as an argument.
OK, let's do one more thing.
Right after the method definition on line number 29,
I'm going to take a rows variable again here,
which we set to zero initially, and then on line number 37,
I'm going to take the output of the method of the dao call
into that row's variable, and once that's done,
then we just have to go and return the row's variable.
OK, let's do one more thing.
In order to understand which thread came in,
we'll print the name of the thread the way we have done
in the previous demos, so on line number 30, I'm going to
insert a sys out, and what is the sys out going to be?
It's again going to give me the name of the thread via that
static method under the thread class,
chain the getName api on it, and we'll say,
processing record for and we will append that user record
that is coming in for this thread, right?
So understand this, that every thread is going to be
doing the job of inserting one user record,
so there is one thread per user record,
and that's exactly why on line number 19,
we actually took an instance variable for it,
we want to associate one user record per
UserProcessor runnable, or callable, right?
OK, so we have done a couple of things,
that's we are trying to process the user information
by the string tokenizer, and the next step is
we are calling the dao and making sure that the
user information that we processed is getting
saved into the database record, right?
OK, the next step's in the next video.